sheila mello and xuxa revealed exclusive photos of their honeymoon beyond that
we are alone or not
We hope you enjoy it.
Nightmares
shoot her and fernando scherer were married on June 24 in a
ceremony of dreams held in the house doing in São Paulo after the
wedding the lovebirds left on a long unforgettable honeymoon
there were 31 days of lots of fun ex-friends fun in heavenly places
sheila and xuxa visited istanbul cappadocia only miku years santa rita
no sebrae to close with paris gold key
Yesterday de Fuxico had access to the couple's personal archive and reveals that
travel curiosities
did you know that sus and gls will marry again during the honeymoon
because that's what happened and this time it was a joke in the heights using the
veil of his wedding chela rose in the balloon and flew over cappadocia
In Turkey
the former dancer revealed that she always dreamed of marrying up the pigeons
enjoyed the tour with a bottle of champagne
very chic
during the trip sheila lived an extra thrill on July 23rd she
completed 32 years and celebrated the date who least lost
but you can marry there enjoying its moment of beauty
even during the holidays raised your notebook pause to check the
emails that give some business affairs several of them
it's fake
Working
and to close the day the couple enjoyed a special dinner
on the last day of the trip pause for a traditional photo with the tour i fell de
Background
well now the holidays are over and life is back to normal but for the elections to
nothing will be like before
They are now husband and wife. Congratulations to the lovebirds.
the box
andrea